[Music]
in 2029 no mutants have been born in 25
years
Logan's healing ability has slowed and
his body has aged he spends his days
drinking and working as a limo driver in
El Paso Texas in an abandoned smelting
plant in northern Mexico he and mutant
tracker Caliban care for Charles Xavier
Charles suffers from a brain disease
that causes him to lose control of his
telepathic abilities with destructive
effects Logan is approached by Gabriela
Lopez a former nurse from a
biotechnological corporation alkalete
transition who asks him to escort her
and an 11 year old girl Laura Kenny to
Eden a refuge in North Dakota
Logan reluctantly accepts but finds
Gabriella dead at his hideout Logan is
confronted by Gabriella's killer
transition cyborg chief of security
Donald Pierce who is looking for Laura
laura has stowed away in Logan's limo
and has powers similar to Logan's she
Logan and Charles escape Pierce and his
enforcers the Reavers but Caliban is
captured Logan and Charles learn from
Gabriella cell phone that Laura is one
of several mutant children that
transition created from mutant DNA
samples for use as weapons after they
proved difficult to control Gabriella
and the nurses help children escape
euthanasia Laura who was created from
Logan's DNA became separated when she
was smuggled into the United States at a
hotel in Oklahoma City
Logan discovers that Eden appears in
x-men comic and Laura's possession and
assumed it is fictional
the Reavers arrived but Charles
appearing to have a seizure incapacitate
everyone in the hotel Logan killed the
attackers injects Charles with a
suppressant and escaped dr. Zander right
head of transition convinces Caliban
that they will not harm Logan and
Charles if Caliban helps them find Laura
Logan Laura and Charles help a farming
family the Munson's after a traffic
incident and accept an offer of dinner
at their home Logan sees off enforcers
from a corporate farm harassing the
family patriarch will x24 a feral clone
of Logan murders Charles and Will's
family stabs will and cap
Laure Taliban sets off grenades to
destroy the transition ban in which he
is held captive killing himself and
several Reavers and injuring pierce
logan engages x24 but his outmatched
will impales x24 on farm equipment using
his truck that dies from his injuries
Logan and Laura escaped with Charles
body after burying Charles Logan passes
out from rage and exhaustion Laura
convinces him to complete the journey
they arrive at Eden a camp run by
Richter and the other escaped transition
test subjects Laura discovers an
adamantium bullet Logan has kept since
his escape from Weapon X and plans to
use it to commit suicide
Logan learns that the children plan to
journey to Canada and decides to
separate from them - Laura's dismay the
children are captured by the Reavers
Logan takes an overdose of serum given
to him by Richter that increases his
physical abilities and restores his
healing ability he slaughters most of
the Reavers and rescues Laura but the
serum wears off as Pierce holds Richter
at gunpoint Rice tells Logan who killed
Rice's father years ago while escaping
from Weapon X that the decline of
mutants is due to a transition virus
that Rice created and distributed Logan
shoots rice dead and attacks Pierce a
regenerated x24 enraged by Rice's death
engages Logan with their guards
distracted the children kill the Reavers
and Pierce Richter uses his seismic
powers to flip a truck onto X 24 X 24
and pay Logan on the tree branch the
Laura shoots the adamantium bullet into
his head killing him severely wounded
Logan tells Laura to not be the weapon
she was made to beat Laura finally
addresses him as her father and Logan
died the children hold the burials and
Laura turns the cross on Logan's grave
to its side to create an X before they
continue their journey
[Music]